surfraw: add page (#4771)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/surfraw.md

# surfraw

> Surfraw is a CLI to query a variety of web search engines.
> It consists of a collection of elvi, each of which knows how to search a specific website.

> > More information: <http://surfraw.org/>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <http://surfraw.org>.
```

> - Show the list of elvi:

Reviewer: The doc says `To see the list of elvi type`. The plural and singular elvi, elvis, type in the doc is strange to me.
Based on https://gitlab.com/surfraw/Surfraw/-/wikis/current-elvi we can make this better to define `elvi`:
```suggestion
- Display the list of supported website search scripts (elvi):
```

`surfraw -elvi`

> - Search using an elvi and open the results page in the browser:

Reviewer: I prefer get focus in the `open` verb:
```suggestion
- Open the elvi's results page for a specific search in the browser:
```

> `surfraw {{elvi_name}} {{search_terms}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`surfraw {{elvi}} "{{search_terms}}"`
```

> - Show the elvi description and specific options using the alias:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display an elvi description and its specific options:
```

> `sr {{elvi_name}} -local-help`

Reviewer: Please use the long command in the guide to match the page name. Talk about the alias in an extra final example.
```suggestion
`surfraw {{elvi}} -local-help`
```

- Search using an elvi with specific options and open the results page in the browser:

> `sr {{elvi_name}} {{elvi_options}} {{search_terms}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`surfraw {{elvi}} {{elvi_options}} "{{search_terms}}"`
```

> - Print the search URL instead of passing it to the browser:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display the URL to the elvi's results page for a specific search:
```

> `sr -print {{elvi_name}} {{search_terms}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`surfraw -print {{elvi}} "{{search_terms}}"`
```

# surfraw

> > Surfraw is a CLI to query a variety of web search engines.
> > It consists of a collection of elvi, each of which knows how to search a specific website.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> CLI to query a variety of web search engines.
> Consists of a collection of elvi, each of which knows how to search a specific website.
```
